http://lisabee224.github.io/

I learned that padding, borders and margins can not only be used to change the space between certain elements, but also to resize these elements themselves-- For example, adding padding to a tab in my nav bar actually gave the illusion of that tab being a little larger. I also learned that when using em's for margin and padding, a small increase in em's can make a very big difference on the page. In that sense, I like that em's give you a little more control over spacing and sizing.

CSS positioning is still a little tough for me. I learned that absolute positioning can be very handy, but it can also really displace other elements around it. I tried absolutely positioning a div behind my nav bar to give it a little "backdrop" but that displaced all my other elements, and I couldnt' really get them back to exactly where I wanted them to be. It also made it really hard to overlay elements over this absolutely positioned div. I feel like I need a lot more practice with positioning elements before I'll feel like I really know what I'm doing.

I felt like the typography, color schemes, and overall organization of my site was the easiest to implement. The layout was definitely the toughest. I really wanted to have a semi-transparent div behind my nav bar, and it just wasn't working. I couldn't get it to cover the whole page (vertially), and couldn't get my social media buttons and footer to lay inside of it. I'm still going to play around with it, though!

I'm not sure if I really have the answer to this issue yet, and maybe this isn't even accurate, but I think I'm realizing that sometimes the order in which you modify things in CSS and position things out on a page can make a difference. It seemed like when I had things in place, but then tried to add another element or change the positioning of something, everything broke and got moved around. I found myself wondering if I had added that element, or changed its positioning first, it would have made it easier to add those other elements later.